so after last season ended with a
terrible injury
my son worked very hard in the offseason
to get back for the start of his
sophomore season and hoodoos he's opened
up the season with the number one team
in the nation an Alabama Crimson Tide
and the chick-fil-a kickoff classy so
let's see if he could respond and get
this upset win for the West Virginia
Mountaineers so my son wanna make a push
for this Heisman campaign that West
Virginia has going around he's trying to
push him but we have to see how he
responds in this game so you see his
third in the five he drops back to pass
throws it to the wide receiver and
slapped the barber see what makes a
great catch and that's that's what my
son needs to do we need to keep drives
alive don't make mistakes um also you
know Alabama is a tough team on offense
hopefully the defense can respond and
get stops so we just have to see how
everything plays out in this game so as
you see it's first and ten we in the red
zone aka the green zone that's what I
call it he drops back to pass throws it
to the running back out of the backfield
we go up seven and nine on the number
one team in the nation and I think that
is how you want to start a game that
that's just beautiful right there the
pocket presence my son is showing is
second to none and um he seemed he
seemed to be out here poised not showing
any signs of jitters so that's a good
sign so let's see so it's it's first in
timber you have terrible field position
I don't know what coach is calling run
but the run pays off and we get about
six seven yards right there on that
first run beautiful coach definitely the
coach will have to help a mountain and
call great plays you know I mean to keep
drives alive and put my son in the best
predicament possible to help them get
the upset against Alabama but that I did
not like that play calling they're not
like that play call excuse me running
two plays back-to-back
like to see play action like there but
as you see it's 35 again we are 14 Tendo
you know Alabama is a tough team number
one team in the nation ain't number one
in the nation for no reason but my son
told quickhitch beautiful keep the drive
alive that's what this is all about we
have to keep the drive alive
wide receivers catch the ball
quarterback throw the ball running backs
run linemen block that's what's
important here so as you see it second
and nine 14 to 10 we still we still want
to drive he throw a deep pass to was
tools that is tight in beautiful catch
beautiful catch scary pass for my son no
I kind of didn't like the decision but
the wide receiver tightener whoever that
was made it made a spectacular catch
over the shoulder and was able to pull
it in so as you see his first in ten two
minutes left in the second quarter
running the option look at my son
beautiful option read whoa I don't like
him taking that hit though I don't like
him taking that hit but that this is
what I want to see for my coach for my
coaches I want to see the coaches mix up
the play call and that's just beautiful
so they call another inside track money
back goes to the outside beautiful
beautiful read from the running back and
that's another touchdown and we up 21 to
10 I'm feeling very good about this
right now so now it's 21 17 we had the
ball back we could score before the half
all these get a fill go ahead let's see
what the coach call beautiful kind of
run can acquire receiver go away ah
beautiful I like it though I'm liking
I'm liking the play calling right now so
it's 15 seconds left time is ticking I
know what Coach didn't take a timeout
right there but we drop back to pass
I tried to hit the my receiver on the
sideline way to keep the feet and bounce
beautiful I'm feeling real good about
upstairs so it's 20 what's that 28 28 17
beautiful pass from my son so far my son
has to be making any mistakes it's just
beautiful
what else could you ask for to be up
2028 17 on Alabama so as you see it's
2824 Alabama came down after that after
that had and came down him and punched
one in the endzone but we throw a quick
slant
and uh my receiver was able to pull the
name beautiful pass my son is just
playing great great football and I mean
like what else could you ask for going
against the number one team in the
nation he drops back with the
play-action hits the wide receiver on
the sideline beautiful beautiful catch
beautiful pass beautiful way to keep
your feet in bounds so here we go again
is first and goal let's see if we can
get something happening I would like to
hit the running back out of the
backfield with my son said I'm a doing
myself i'ma do myself and he Truxton oh
my gosh he trucks the dude on the goal
line I gotta feed me feed me give me
more give me more
let's watch the replay watch I give this
guy out of business what was this DB oh
my gosh oh my gosh as you see this 35:31
our defense cannot get a stop it's the
fourth quarter five minutes left we
throw a screen pass let's see if the
runner back and make something happen
not bad that's a six-yard gain it's 13
4:35 actually excuse me you fats what I
had a little bit stirred in five
quarterback drops back throws screen
pass and of course Alabama you ain't
gonna pretty much fooled them too many
times so I just see his first to go
today we ended up stopping them they
punted to us we thought we'd run a nice
little draw play there get about what's
that only two only two yards it's 13 737
I kind of like the play call not a few
people with the total beautiful
beautiful rollout and those hit a
running back right there still 35 31 two
minutes left
what I would have liked the coasted min
during was running more read option here
because you know to keep the clock
ticking we're doing we do a nice draw
and they ended up stopping enforcement
too you know we got a punt here so we
punt and they ended up scoring so it's
35 38 date up its first the goal I have
28 seconds left throw it throw it
underneath my do losses boundless
terrible pass maybe but you see he ended
up my son ended up throwing an
interception the killer drive previous
we I don't know for some reason they
love this screen pass but he brings
outside I thought he was gonna be able
to get out of bounds but he wasn't able
to get out of bounds it's 14 seconds
left it's first and 10 he did get the
first down right there I don't know why
coaches are calling like a Hail Mary in
something something deep and Alabama mo
BV ended up tipping the pass and then
seemed like we had maybe one or two
shots I had to change change the play to
go deep and we go deep terrible terrible
terrible terrible four seconds left we
need the deep pass we ended up throwing
a Hail Mary finally and Alabama DB was
able to get the stop so even though my
son made one mistake it was a crucial
mistake as you see right here this was
the crucial mistake of the game
excellent play from the Alabama DB but
he played tough they are the number one
team in the nation I think this is a
good sign no more victories though it's
your boy all attending - seventh
reachable the past 57 comment like
subscribe I appreciate all y'all got
know-how in my
bang